core/d2l-content-viewer/README.md, before:

# d2l-content-viewer

> Note: this is a ["labs" component](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Component-Tiers). While functional, these tasks are prerequisites to promotion to BrightspaceUI "official" status:
>
> - [ ] [Design organization buy-in](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Before-you-build#working-with-design)
> - [ ] [design.d2l entry](http://design.d2l/)
> - [ ] [Architectural sign-off](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Before-you-build#web-component-architecture)
> - [ ] [Continuous integration](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Testing#testing-continuously-with-travis-ci)
> - [ ] [Cross-browser testing](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Testing#cross-browser-testing-with-sauce-labs)
> - [ ] [Unit tests](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Testing#testing-with-polymer-test) (if applicable)
> - [ ] [Accessibility tests](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Testing#automated-accessibility-testing-with-axe)
> - [ ] [Visual diff tests](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/visual-diff)
> - [ ] [Localization](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Localization) with Serge (if applicable)
> - [ ] Demo page
> - [ ] README documentation

Media player for content in the content service

## Installation

To install from NPM:

```shell
npm install @brightspace/content-components
```

## Usage

```html
<script type="module">
	import '@brightspace/content-components/core/d2l-content-viewer.js';
</script>
<d2l-content-viewer>My element</d2l-content-viewer>
```

**Properties:**

| Property | Type | Description |
|--|--|--|
| | | |

**Accessibility:**

To make your usage of `d2l-content-viewer` accessible, use the following properties when applicable:

| Attribute | Description |
|--|--|
| | |

## Developing, Testing and Contributing

After cloning the repo, run `npm install` to install dependencies.

### Running the demos

To start an [es-dev-server](https://open-wc.org/developing/es-dev-server.html) that hosts the demo page and tests:

```shell
npm start
```

### Linting

```shell
# eslint and lit-analyzer
npm run lint

# eslint only
npm run lint:eslint

# lit-analyzer only
npm run lint:lit
```

### Testing

```shell
# lint, unit test and visual-diff test
npm test

# lint only
npm run lint

# unit tests only
npm run test:headless

# debug or run a subset of local unit tests
# then navigate to `http://localhost:9876/debug.html`
npm run test:headless:watch
```

### Visual Diff Testing

This repo uses the [@brightspace-ui/visual-diff utility](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/visual-diff/) to compare current snapshots against a set of golden snapshots stored in source control.

```shell
# run visual-diff tests
npm run test:diff

# subset of visual-diff tests:
npm run test:diff -- -g some-pattern

# update visual-diff goldens
npm run test:diff:golden
```

Golden snapshots in source control must be updated by Travis CI. To trigger an update, press the "Regenerate Goldens" button in the pull request `visual-difference` test run.

## Versioning, Releasing & Deploying

All version changes should obey [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) rules.

Include either `[increment major]`, `[increment minor]` or `[increment patch]` in your merge commit message to automatically increment the `package.json` version and create a tag.

Commit message:

Update d2l-content-viewer for retrieving and playing captions. Also add capability to get passed a hypermedia entity and use that for retrieving media and captions. Add functionality to refetch captions signed urls based on two events from the d2l-labs-media-player: trackloadfailed and tracksmenuitemchanged.

core/d2l-content-viewer/README.md, after:

# d2l-content-viewer

> Note: this is a ["labs" component](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Component-Tiers). While functional, these tasks are prerequisites to promotion to BrightspaceUI "official" status:
>
> - [ ] [Design organization buy-in](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Before-you-build#working-with-design)
> - [ ] [design.d2l entry](http://design.d2l/)
> - [ ] [Architectural sign-off](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Before-you-build#web-component-architecture)
> - [ ] [Continuous integration](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Testing#testing-continuously-with-travis-ci)
> - [ ] [Cross-browser testing](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Testing#cross-browser-testing-with-sauce-labs)
> - [ ] [Unit tests](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Testing#testing-with-polymer-test) (if applicable)
> - [ ] [Accessibility tests](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Testing#automated-accessibility-testing-with-axe)
> - [ ] [Visual diff tests](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/visual-diff)
> - [ ] [Localization](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/guide/wiki/Localization) with Serge (if applicable)
> - [ ] Demo page
> - [ ] README documentation

Media player for content in the content service

## Installation

To install from NPM:

```shell
npm install @brightspace/content-components
```

## Usage

```html
<script type="module">
	import '@brightspace/content-components/core/d2l-content-viewer.js';
</script>
<d2l-content-viewer href="<media-url>" captions-href="<captions-url>">My element</d2l-content-viewer>
```

**Attributes:**

| Attribute | Type | Default | Description |
|--|--|--|--|
| href | String |  | The url used to fetch the media resource. |
| captionsHref | String |  | The url used to fetch the captions resource. |
| activity | String |  | The hypermedia entity used to fetch the media and captions resource. |
| allowDownload | Boolean | false | An attribtue used by d2l-labs-media-player to allow download. |
| allowDownloadOnError | Boolean | false | An attribtue used by d2l-labs-media-player to allow download on error. |
| framed | Boolean | false | Determines whether to use framed or unframed auth for d2l-fetch when using the hypermedia entity. |

**Properties:**

| Property | Type | Get/Set | Description |
|--|--|--|--|
| captionSignedUrls | Array | Get & Set | An array of caption signed url objects. Each signed url object contains the signed url value, locale, and the amount of time until the signed url expires. |

**Events:**

| Event | Description |
|--|--|
| @cs-content-loaded | Dispatched when both the media and captions resources are loaded. |

## Developing, Testing and Contributing

After cloning the repo, run `npm install` to install dependencies.

### Running the demos

To start an [es-dev-server](https://open-wc.org/developing/es-dev-server.html) that hosts the demo page and tests:

```shell
npm start
```

### Linting

```shell
# eslint and lit-analyzer
npm run lint

# eslint only
npm run lint:eslint

# lit-analyzer only
npm run lint:lit
```

### Testing

```shell
# lint, unit test and visual-diff test
npm test

# lint only
npm run lint

# unit tests only
npm run test:headless

# debug or run a subset of local unit tests
# then navigate to `http://localhost:9876/debug.html`
npm run test:headless:watch
```

### Visual Diff Testing

This repo uses the [@brightspace-ui/visual-diff utility](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/visual-diff/) to compare current snapshots against a set of golden snapshots stored in source control.

```shell
# run visual-diff tests
npm run test:diff

# subset of visual-diff tests:
npm run test:diff -- -g some-pattern

# update visual-diff goldens
npm run test:diff:golden
```

Golden snapshots in source control must be updated by Travis CI. To trigger an update, press the "Regenerate Goldens" button in the pull request `visual-difference` test run.

## Versioning, Releasing & Deploying

All version changes should obey [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) rules.

Include either `[increment major]`, `[increment minor]` or `[increment patch]` in your merge commit message to automatically increment the `package.json` version and create a tag.
